e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\MyFirstGame.exe
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\MyFirstGame.pdb
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\obj\x86\Debug\MyFirstGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\obj\x86\Debug\MyFirstGame.exe
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\obj\x86\Debug\MyFirstGame.pdb
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\IgnoreMe.dll
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\kakuna.xnb
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\earth.xnb
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\shuttle.xnb
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\stars.xnb
e:\users\ayamin\my documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyFirstGame\MyFirstGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Score.xnb
